0.  What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
    According to Merriam-Webster's Medical Dictionary, pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is a pneumoconiosis caused by inhalation of very fine silicate or quartz dust.
1.  According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
    Returns resource usage measures
2.  Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
    16
3.  Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though we’re not changing their contents?
    Copying whole structure takes time and memory
4.  Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
    Foor loop checks each work in a given texfile.
    - At the beginning it checks if the character is alphabetic or an apostrophe. If yes, it iterates through all of the characters of the word
      till it encounters character other than alphabetic or na apostrophe or if the length is greater than 45. 
    - First "else if" skips through the words that contain numbers.
    - Second "else if" checks if the word created by appending characters (at the beginning) to the string "word" finishes with "\0" (aka the end of string). 
    - If yes, it adds one to the word counter, checks if it's misspelled, updates benchmark (getrusage), prints word if misspelled and starts looking for a next word.
5.  Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
    fscanf doesn't have the ability to discard words that are longer than 45 characters or aren't made of only alphabetical characters or apostrophes.
6.  Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?
    The functions are not supposed to change those words.
